Update index.md (#294)
w3c/wai-curricula: content/2-2.md

{% include excol.html type="middle" %}

Build on [Module 1: Structure and Semantics](/curricula/developer-modules/structure-and-semantics/) to explain the use of HTML and WAI-ARIA to convey structure. Relate this to the structure of menus, in particular using lists and list items.

#### Learning Outcomes for Topic

Students should be able to:

* explain how assistive technologies process structural HTML elements, such as lists, sub-lists, and list items, and communicate to people with disabilities these structures and their relationship to one another
* describe different types of menus such as vertical, horizontal, breadcrumb trails, and application menus
* identify menus using the HTML element `nav` and headings when necessary
* code menus as lists, sub-lists, and list items, for example using the HTML elements `ul`, `ol`, and `li`

> * code navigational targets in a way that can be operated by keyboard and other input devices, for example by using the HTML element `a` and the attribute `href`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* code menu functionality so that it can be operated by keyboard only, voice interaction, and other input devices
```

Author: What are these "appropriate labels"?
